Hey, Vaishali, can you hear me?
Hi, Colin. Yes, I can hear you. Hi, Colin. Good morning.
Hi, good evening. Happy Friday.
Yeah, happy Friday!
So I know for you we still have a lot of syncing up to do, but at the same time, have you, so I know, I think I forget the person's name. I think it was Ashish Singh. Has he been in touch with you for your Cisco onboarding?
Ohh.
Which name, Colin?
So there would have been, so I think they had some documents for you to sign. So for instance, the, I think they were like, there was an INDIA that would have come to your personal email, things like that.
External.
Yeah, yeah, it's a BayOne mail ID from the often often is often give me the mail regarding the sign of the document.
Right, right, okay.
So yeah, that is, so you've done those steps at least?
Yes, yes, yes, should I have done with this.
Okay, great. Right.
Hi, everyone.
All right.
At Tanuja.
And.
Hello, everyone.
Good morning, good evening.
Big.
Morning, morning.
Hey, Rock, good morning, good evening.
Punch.
So we'll give a second for Saurav to join. I'm not sure if he will be able to. If I'm recalling this correctly, I think he was having some problems with his one laptop, but we'll give him a moment. If not, we can just go forward.
Just give me one moment.
Mishra, good evening.
Yeah, good evening, Colin and everyone else. Am I audible?
Yes, you are.
Yes, you are the one.
Is.
Okay, great.
Okay, I'm back, everyone. Can you hear me?
Yes, yes, Colin.
Okay, so for today, I know Tanuja Vaishali, there's still some pending items from both of you. I'll connect with both of you on that, so you don't have to worry too much about today. I did just want to include you just so that you can start getting some familiarity with what we're doing. So just listen in, just be a sponge. It's not really going to make too much sense yet, but
We'll definitely have it for you. So for today, really, we're getting ready for this next upcoming call with Srinivas that'll happen in just shy of two hours here. I'm going to cut this meeting off definitely shorter than the last one, so there's more time. No, it was good that Singularity was good enough that we could.
you know, have it make slides for us in 15 minutes, but I definitely don't want to make it that close again. So we'll wrap up in about an hour here, and then we can...
just move on to his meeting. So I'll at least have some time.
So hopefully all of you got to see the document that I shared with him yesterday evening.
Yes.
So, and the way I would think about today is you can think about it almost like we are just going to have the slides. I'll share those, you know, here after our meeting. So you'll have at least an hour to look at them.
We will basically be presenting to him the slide version of that document.
So I'll make the slides for this week. I know we didn't get enough time together to go through Singularity, so I just took care of that. And I'll share those after our call is done. They're actually generating right now for me, which is good. Maybe I'll even be able to share them before this call is up. But essentially, what we're going to do for this, and I'm going to
I'll share this in the chat, but I'm also going to just share this on my screen itself. Give me a moment.
And we'll go through what the agenda is for the meeting and who will be presenting on what. So it's a little bit more structured than the last time we met with him.
Just let me know when you can see my screen.
Yes, we can see your screen.
So, what I did yesterday, and to get that document in the 1st place, is I took every bit of information that all of you have fed me throughout the week, and that's the beauty of that singularity skill, because it's able to handle that and, you know, definitely some manual rework needed on my end. It was a complicated document, but at least you can see it got
everything captured quite well.
So the structure for this meeting is going to be a bit different than the last time, because the last time I had some slides prepared, but you noticed we kind of jumped all around because Srinivas just has a different way of doing the meetings. I was kind of expecting we'd get to present on everything and kind of he'd ask questions at the end, but really he was more of an interactive person.
partner through that. So that's how I set up the structure for the meeting that we'll have with him today.
So, I'll do, of course, the opening.
As always, but I think the first thing that we're going to cover is the pain point analysis. That was the specific item that was requested by him last time. And Srikar, that'll be for you. That's the script that he had built. And I'll have the images that you had shown in that section, and we'll talk through them.
Yeah, Shukla.
So for that kind of, you know, just like we had there, we definitely want to cover the data that we gathered. Say it is absolutely everything as of yesterday, right? Full scope of all the messages in that chat, categorized based upon this taxonomy. Likely he will have questions on this.
So I will tell you just be ready for that to explain. You don't need to, you know, oversimplify it or anything like that. I think what you did is excellent. So feel free to just explain it, you know, with that confidence, because it was great.
Sure.
Yeah, I'll click on it.
But...
There is a recommendation though, and it's kind of different from what he had said. So, you know, even for instance, some of these questions, as you can tell from the data that you found, there's some big gaps in the manual process. And even if there is an automated process with what Rui built, it's not going to matter.
because sometimes there's questions that need to be answered by humans that are not getting answered right now.
So there should be a specific way that you address these. So we'll go through the data. We can make a recommendation, but he'll see that and he'll know better than we will where to kind of point the cannons.
But this was really good. I'll share with him pretty much all the pictures. So those will be a part of the slides, just like they were on that document.
So we'll go through this. This is not talking yet. I want to be clear here. This is not yet talking about the WebEx integration. That comes later.
So this is just on the pain point analysis as a specific item. We don't need to get into the WebEx part. I don't want to jump ahead to this. We'll just say that we'll cover it later, which we will.
Section 2, Namita, you'll be up for that. And as well for section 3.
No.
Okay.
Ahh.
At a high level, it'll cover the meetings you had with Justin, looking at some of the different structures, some of the different error types, some of the different files that we know per build. We don't need to exhaustively go through that, but there's a good analysis that you did on some of the limitations of that pipeline too.
in the existing form.
Mmh.
What comes right after that is that architecture that we had.
Okay.
And so this is definitely going to be important. This is going to be something where he's going to have a lot of questions. And I'll help you with this. We'll be ready for it. I made some minor changes to the diagram just for the sake of consistency. So we can talk through that in a moment. But very minor. So this is really just talking through that architecture.
Mhm.
being ready for questions that he'll have. And we'll talk about this. I'm going to flash the diagram up here before we end the call so we can talk about some of the philosophy there that he's going to want to care about.
Sure.
Now, after that, we'll get into some of the tactical items, the WebEx integration, and some of the open design questions. So chat scraping, Saurav, I know your laptop is, you know, kind of MIA, so don't worry there. I've already got them up to speed. They have the full trace that you sent me. They understand the problem.
But basically, we'll do this and there'll be one slide for where we're at with the chat scraping and the architecture sort of that you had shared.
and how we can go ahead and deploy this.
After that, Srikar, the meeting recording extraction and what you found out about the API endpoint, the owner only constraint that is found. That's an important piece because that's not a small thing. That's something to decide on early rather than not.
Then the last two, sort of the diagram that you had shared for the architecture and the open design questions. Those are good ones because those are ones that Srinivas can actually answer and those will unblock us from making progress so we'll know exactly what he's thinking.
The big thing here is that for the architecture, anytime there's an architecture, be ready to talk about it. He's an engineer. Engineers love to go deep into architecture and start gnawing on the bone. So be very prepared to justify decisions made on architectures no matter what for everyone. I will help you, of course, but...
You know, just know that if you're going to propose an architecture, the worst thing that you can do is sound unconfident about a decision made, or like you're not sure. So just keep that in mind.
Likewise, for the open questions, he's going to want you to have a suggested answer for them. So they're good questions to ask, but they should come with a recommendation from us. And they should say, here's, you know, with these assumptions, here's what I would give in this, you know, statement.
Here's where we should position this, here's why this is where I'd go, but you tell me what you want, Shiny Pass. So we'll give our suggestions. Of course, just like architecture, we need to be able to justify and stand behind those suggestions.
Next section, I'm going to cover those two items with overlap for scope alignment, because these to me are critical. He asked us to do something and there's already teams working on it. We need to figure out where we stand with that. I'll cover it. It's going to be a more political one for sure, but we need to know what
we are doing versus what others are doing. And we need to know if we're going to work with them or if we're going to work alongside them. If we're going to do a completely different project, what's going on here on both of these? If I had to guess the Nexus T overlap, he's going to say that is a good.
That is a good place for there to be collaboration between the teams and to look at the architecture. For us, though, we don't have any visibility into this because this is really the first time it had come up and it was just in passing in the chat. Before we started all this off, Srinivas was supposed to connect us to Rui.
and give us access to that repository to build off of it. That got delayed by over a month. So Ruby was over a month behind whenever he deployed Max's team. But that was the original goal for Srinivas was to say, you guys work with him, and that just hasn't happened. So we'll get some clarity on that today.
For Pulse and Scribble, Srikar, this is where, you know, you can chime into this part, of course, because with Naga, you've met with him at this point. I don't know too much with him. I haven't personally interacted with him.
But I can clearly see what the problem is here. I don't really know what to think about Naga. So maybe Srikar, what do you think right now with Naga? Is he difficult? Is he just confused? Or what's your like personal take on him? Doesn't have to be, you know, politically correct here either.
I think based on the last message, I think those two projects, I think they are doing working separately. They want to move it separately. And I think they won't be overlapping anything with the CICD work, what we will be doing.
Well, I think the trick there is going to be coming from Srinivas, because I get that's what they want to do. But if they are allowed to make that decision, that's one thing. If they themselves have not been shared with the scope of what we have to do, that's another.
Because I think that this can relate in some way too.
What we're doing for CI/CD, like for instance, specifically the one of these that is around the Webex scraping. That one absolutely has to do with CI/CD tangentially. And in fact, the fact that they want to keep it separate actually goes against what Srinivas had told us to do, which is make things modular reusable.
Yeah.
They should not be seen as different projects, but just infrastructure level components that are reusable among projects.
Now the whisper one, the whisper versus the transcription one, I don't think we got to that really this week because Naga didn't really, from what I can understand, he didn't really respond to that or even provide you access to the rebuild.
So, but that...
He did not provide the access to the reports, or he did not share the links, so I could get the from Srinivas. So the one which we got for like CICD repo, which is like Nexus T, which has been like, so that has like WebEx component.
where it will push the notifications to the WebEx, like pushing the message or creating a channel or creating a room, creating a meeting. So those actions are done on the NXT GitHub.
Like the CICD GitHub.
Mhm.
Okay, so there's, so then correct me if I'm wrong here, because I don't think I got to look at it fully. So what's in that repository that Srinivas gave us access to, that CICD, is that already containing Rui's code for everything?
Yeah, it contains like Nexus T code.
I've shared the document yesterday. Just a minute.
Okay.
Yeah.
So yeah, it contains like 3, two of the two of them, like Nexus T jobs check and CDET bugs. Those 2 are the like CDET is for like bug tracking and the Nexus T is for like.
test automation, like internal test automation. So these two are the major connections what they had. So.
They connected using the MCP and from these they get their like jobs and test be tracked on the using the LLM and then like once they get like some kind of like stats they push it to WebEx communication.
Mm.
I see. I see.
So, yeah, that that is what like small setup have they have done on the C.R.C.D. that just did to go.
B.
Okay, okay, so that's where I'll have to adjust my plan for the slides, because that's something that I had probably missed in this, to be honest with you. So, because if that means that we're kind of overlapping with that, or if we're going to be taking changes, that means this really does matter, you know, with Rui. So, we'll need to understand from Srinivas.
if he's still working on it, or if he's like kind of, you know, like letting go of it so that we can take up the next, or if we're supposed to collaborate, that's really going to be the question. But he's going to want to know like what that current state looks like. So I'll probably need you to explain to him what your findings were.
And then I'll ask the question of what we can do from there. Okay, I see the doc, so that's great. So I can definitely reference that one as well.
Okay, and I'll factor that into the slides when I write them as well.
Yeah, Shukla.
That's why I want to wrap this meeting up earlier than not, so that way you can get a chance to see the slides that you'd want to present on, of course.
Alright, yep, I see that CICD repo and all this.
Alright, and then after this comes the open questions.
So what I'll do is I'll list all the open questions that we have. We'll pull people in as the topic comes up. So for these, feel free to chime in on these. These are just what our open questions were. Some of us had a lot, some of us had a few.
This is really where the discussion of today should be at. And after that comes the access items. So deep site, I get that it's gated by the permanent ADS machine. And I think, Namita, you shared that document from Mahavir yesterday. The question that I have for you on that is, does that mean that we have now a path to get that?
ADS machine permanently or is it still pending someone else's action?
So the doc has the same steps we have been following. So the doc is not making a lot of difference.
But what I did was, because Mahavi just told me to follow the doc, but that is not helping. Then I got her one more link through Cisco application wherein we can request for a tenant ID. And I created that request yesterday. So I'm hoping that I get some reply from them.
Mm.
Because what Mahavir, when we met him, he said that he has approved it, but I haven't received any email communication from Cisco that tenant ID has been granted. Normally, all the access that we have received from Cisco, we usually receive email that, okay, this access has been granted.
But specifically for this tenant ID, I haven't received any email. So I'm guessing there might be some issue in between. So hoping that raising a request would help.
Okay, okay, that's good. And exactly like that, we can explain to any of us in this call, like, hey, we are pretty much gated right now by access to deep site because this ADS thing is, you know, but dragging on now. I think it's been.
what, like almost four weeks from me. Now, I'm not talking about when everyone else joined, but Deepak Sayed was promised to us as one of the initial items whenever we started this out on, what was that, March?
Yeah, the week of March 23rd is when I first got that commitment from Srinivas on this, and certainly it's a week later and we still don't have it. So that's where we're going to need to kind of draw the line in the sand with him, and I'll take care of that to say, if we don't have access, there's no way for us to develop on it. So, you know, for us, we need some unblocking for this permanent ADS machine.
That should not be that complicated. The important part that we want to share is we are following all the protocol. It's the process itself that has an issue. But we want to just make that extremely clear that we've been proactive here. We've reached out to Mahavir. I followed up with Srinivas three times on this this week.
and it's still blocked. So that's something that is going to keep on slowing us down. And I'll put it this way, even if we have access to Nexus T from Ruy, we have no way to deploy it.
You know, there's no real path forward for us to even test things out besides, you know, writing good code. So that's where I'm going to place this today. Barring this access, we're going to have to make a decision at some point, what should we do here about deployments? Are we trying to deploy on just deep site or should we be in the meantime,
go with another approach. Because, you know, as long as this remains unblocked, we effectively have no realistic way to test or deploy anything we build.
Two.
Yeah.
So we'll give that. For Pulse and Scribble, we'll only cover that one if we don't get a good answer up here, Streetcar. So from my view, I think he's going to say, and I'm like always going to mix these up, I think Pulse is the one that is the Wispr. Is that correct?
No, call it. Pulse is the one for web scraping.
Okay, okay. This is where I need to get my head straight. No, all good, all good.
Great.
So right now, like they have kept the name pulse, but again, their plans for pulse is like completely different. But for now, like it's pulse is web scraping, like Webex scraping.
I see, I understand. So, okay, so let me say this differently then. So they have a fundamental part of Pulse, let's say like a just a building block of Pulse that includes, for instance, WebEx scraping. But the all-time goal for it is not.
Mmh.
Yes.
as a reusable component that would be pulled into CICD. It's kind of its own standalone thing with its own trajectory that Naga is owning right now.
Yes, correct.
Okay.
And then for scribble, you see, this is where I get messed up because I'm like scribble to me sounds like writing, which makes it sound like it's for WebEx rather than for transcription.
Yeah, yeah, what we know is this like scribble and then we got update from Naga like scribbler and what I see on GitHub is like scrubber. So there are like 3 different words for the same one.
So like this, right? Like scribble versus scrubber.
Scrubber Scribbler.
My Ghosh.
Yeah, so...
Wow, that's a that's a mess.
Especially because it's not even a good name, so I reuse it three times.
So.
Yeah.
So, okay, so, and for us, we have access to any of these, none of these.
No, no.
No, OK.
And do we know anything about the difference? I think scrubber is probably its own separate thing, but scribble versus scribbler, do we know anything about the difference between those? Or is that something that...
No, I think both, yeah, I think Scribble and Scribbler are both same. The Scrubber is something which is different from what they have like set up in their like teams.
Got it. Understood. Okay. And then are these, to your best knowledge, are these the same repo? He's just using different names? Okay.
Yeah, that is, they're both in, both in scribbler is this, I mean.
Scribbler is the final name, yeah.
Okay.
Okay, got it, got it, got it. Okay. All right, that is good.
Yeah, sounds nice. So now I know this for everyone, is this clear? Is this okay?
Yeah, Colin, I had like one more issue to raise. I think like maybe already you have pointed out, pointed this out to them that they have like a lot of repos and projects here and there and they just keep building them on.
As far as I remember, the first time we talked, this CICD project was never discussed. This, whatever they have built with the knowledge graph, that all came within like these two weeks. So I don't want it like to, suppose tomorrow someone else comes in.
and builds another tool and he's like, okay, now you work on this tool and leave the other ones.
Yeah.
Right, right. Okay. So basically what we're saying is, and that's where I'm trying to draw the scope boundary for us. You know, what are we working on? And, you know, we need a plan for that because for all of you, you have to know one thing. Oh, I have good news to share too. So I'm going to say something scary and then I'm going to say something good for us.
You know, on my side, my fun job for all of this is also the side that says we have to get paid for what we do. And the way that we get paid for solutions projects is we have to deliver. So if they do not define that, that makes it really tough for me to go to procurement and say, hey, we need to get paid for our work. They're going to say,
Have you delivered what you said you'd deliver? If those goal posts keep changing, that is a very tough conversation to have. And that's why I'll lock it down to Srinivas for this. So that's a good point to raise. I will get that clarity from him on this meeting. I'm going to say, if you're going to put us on something, I need to attach this to the goals.
If there's anything where we get twisted again, basically what I'm going to do is I'm going to use the very scary language of we're going to have a change request in place, because that's not what we agreed to. If they don't have their stuff together, they shouldn't have signed a contract. But at the end of the day, we are not going to be backwards accountable for them.
not having an actual plan for this. It can't just be work on this for 5 minutes this week and then next week work on this. That works for their internal teams, I'm sure, because they're salaried, but for us, we have to attach it to deliverables at some point to say, here's what we did. Here's what can justify our work.
Now, here's the good news. So I know that sounds scary because that's like, oh, oh no, are we in trouble for the contract? Yesterday I did get with Anand, we did get the extension for the contract already. So we are already good to go for the entire next quarter, which is great. So I wasn't expecting it to be that easy, but basically Anand said to me, yep.
We know that there's some problems here. You guys are doing great. We, you know, would sign the full year scope, but we're going to at least give it another three months for these access issues to get resolved. They know that there's problems. They know that the process isn't there. They know that it's all over the place. So, but what I need them to do is realize that
I mean, there's...
It's not really so much about listening to what Srinivas says, because at the end of the day, I'm not accountable to Srinivas, I'm accountable to his boss.
So if he's going to give instructions that kind of fold back on themselves or pivots all the time, they're going to need to do what any vendor would do, file a change request, re-scope the project. You know, if they're going to add on scope like that, we're going to need more money from them, frankly, because they can't just change the goalposts. It's not like we're just, you know, employees that are getting loaned into.
His team, we came with a specific objective and purpose, and if he doesn't want to follow that, that's something that I'll raise up with the Nandan, and we'll get it straightened out, so...
But for us, everything is good. We are already good for the next quarter anyway, which is great. You know, three months is a long time. You think about how little time we've actually gotten to spend together on this project, you know, realistically under three weeks, right? And look at where we're at already. I'm pretty happy with what progress we've been able to make. And as soon as we have these access things straightened out in a clear path.
it's going to become a lot more clear as to what our full scope is going to be like. And to be honest with you, with the way that these things are going, I can see what's happening, even with Rui's code. When I looked at it, like this is a team that got Copilot, or excuse me, Codex for the first time, and is like, oh.
Oh my gosh, I've discovered fire.
Um...
But at the same time, that means that they're going to still be in POC mode for just about all of this.
So what we'll need to do is we'll need to come in and see with Srinivas, how do we make this align with those six items that we originally agreed on? Because if we're going to do completely different work, then that contract needs re-scoped. That doesn't affect us at all. That just means that they're going to have to pay more money because you are not allowed to do that to
contractors. So it's good for us. We're already healthy. We're okay. But it's a good point to raise because he needs to be more clear on this.
All right.
So let me stop sharing this one and let's talk about architecture for the others.
You pull this up on the screen.
Let me know when you can see.
Yes, we can see Colin.
Yes.
Okay.
So this is the doc and to be honest with you, I'll send this in our Teams chat because I just realized that Vaishali, Tanuja, you've never been able to see it. I think Tanuja might not even be on that Teams chat yet. So let me add you in and...
Get that taken care of.
But anyway, I'll share it now and then we can share that after the call.
So this is exactly the format we'll follow in the meeting too. Pain point and analysis, this is great because this shows it very clearly. They have a lot of volume, but it's not even close to.
you know, for instance, what they thought it was. Like, I was expecting them to have a substantial.
a substantially higher volume than this, frankly, for this project. This is not actually that many messages. And that's something I'm going to bring up from an architecture standpoint. You know, don't make this harder than it needs to be. This is a lot of messages, but you also have to think three years, 4,200 messages, and only 3,000 of them are
You know, actionable technical.
One.
One point, Colin, sorry. So in the same diagram, like what I have shared, so there's one point, one second.
Sorry.
So, there's a normal messages in a general chat, right? So, in that...
One second, I'm just opening that.
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah, sorry. So the off topic general, yeah, sorry, yeah, this one. So off topic general charts, so those are almost like 1200. So when I went and looked into like details, all those details, so these contain the links, links or the thank you.
good morning, whatever, like all those messages are there. Along with that, like there are screenshots, right? Screenshots, attachments, and links. So those are all came under the off topic and general chat. So we were not able to like put it into like what category those belongs to. So that's why like.
Mm.
We see like a lot of like 200 of those messages itself, but whatever message we in any message like we see a bug error or like any help requests or deployment related keywords, those are properly like categorized and classified into like those buckets.
Got it, got it. So for this one, so two questions from you. Number one, is there a way to say like if it had a link or an attachment of any kind that we can subdivide that out? Is that indicated in any way in the data?
No, but we can do it. We can, we can subdivide into like different buckets. Yeah, we can do that, but right now, like we did not do that.
Okay, okay. Now that's okay. So I'll put it this way. If we can do that before the meeting somehow, that'd be great. If we can't, we're just going to need to verbally explain that.
Okay.
Now, either way, either way, it's still okay, because what I could just say is simply like follow-ups here, follow-ups general chat.
Mhm.
You know, because like basically if it has an attachment or a link, it's probably something that's a follow-up. Everything else is going to be a general chat.
Okay.
So I can adjust this with that in mind, or we can just verbally explain it. So don't feel like stressed out if, you know, that's going to be too much before the meeting. But if it can happen, great, I'll include it.
Yeah, OK.
But even so, even so, with this, the point still stands that if there's only 4,200 messages in three years, that's really not the volume I thought. I thought we were going to have like hundreds of thousands.
You know, and I think that speaks to them overstating the problem. You know, and this kind of is a little bit of a sobering, you know, like you had too much fun on the weekend and you're like actually waking up and it's like, oh, this is reality. They are trying to make this sound a lot more complicated than it is. In reality, this is by no means too many bugs or errors raised by a technical team.
Mm.
This is actually incredibly low, to be honest with you, for three years. Even if all 4,200 messages were strictly bugs and errors, I would still say that that is fairly low for a team of this size for a project of this size. 4,200 errors or bug reports on a code base that Srinivas has described as being 15 million lines of code.
is like not even not even close to what you might expect in reality for things of a similar size.
So that tells you one of two things is true. Either the code base is super mature and progress is not that, either, yeah, the code base is super mature and there's just really not that many, or progress and development speed is not that fast.
Or not all bugs are actually getting reported on WebEx. There's bugs that are happening elsewhere that only come up whenever they're urgent. So there's like a sampling bias, if you will, with what's in WebEx.
So that's something we can flag to him because we want to make sure, because if this is the volume of errors, you know, my honest advice to him is get better developers. I mean, I'm not going to say that on the call, but you know, if it were even this team and I said there's four in 63, yep, that's a backlog we got to do, but the rate of accumulation.
that we showed.
It's not that bad. I mean, we're looking, I think this is broken up by, is this, yeah, by week?
On most weeks, on average, there's like, what, 25 requests. If I were to, you know, draw an invisible line across this.
That's not many, especially for a developer team that he says is 750 people strong.
That's extremely low.
And so that just points to inefficiencies elsewhere in the process. Their biggest problems are not going to be solved by automation here. But we won't say that. We will let him come to that conclusion himself.
The other thing is the breakdown by categories. Bugs and errors, question help and request, infrastructure deployment problem, test failures, status updates, code reviews, announcements, these other things.
There's very few, and even just look at blockers and dependencies.
Even if we assume some margin of error due to bucketing or categorization, that's still extremely low. Even if this number were tripled, you're looking at 3%.
So the question I have for him is what is the criteria for people reporting things on this channel? Is this the best place to get that information from? Or does this point us to something like we were discussing yesterday where we should just be getting it from the sources themselves and not even rely on people anymore?
Because the real question here is, is the WebEx chat an effective way to raise issues? And to me, this is pointing to no.
But again, we'll let him come to that conclusion independently.
The response times, this is great. So I'm actually really happy with this because the thing that might not be obvious from this is that yes, these are the numbers, but look at the variance here. Massive variance. There's one thing in common that they actually have, which is the coverage sucks.
Yeah.
No.
That's the irony here. The coverage in all cases is bad.
But what might not be obvious, look at the average response time for these. You'll notice that blocker dependency QA testing issue. OK, and then you get to these guys.
Here's why.
This tells you that there's teams themselves that are the problem. For instance, if there is a team on infrastructure.
They don't have a dedicated person that's going and resolving these.
If there's bugs or errors, those seem like they're probably not getting responded to because people aren't checking this on time.
So this is actually a really good thing to see because it's like even if you put messages in the chat, do they even get resolved in the 1st place? And if not, why?
So once again, it just calls into question the validity of raising issues on a WebEx chat instead of just going to the source and saying we can just pull the errors as they come. Unless these are specifically runtime errors, you know, what is truly the use of that WebEx channel?
Yeah.
And by the way, this is the first response time, so not the time to resolution, but the average first response time. That's a point that we should make clear. I'll probably reword this table up above. That's not the time to resolve the issue. That's the time for the first person to send a message back saying, hey man, I hear you loud and clear. Let's take a look.
So, the actual time to resolution is...
Gonna be way worse than this.
Yeah, there is no measure, right? Like we don't have any information on that. Like how, when the bug got fixed or when the error got fixed.
Right, right.
Yeah, yeah, like we only got like message, like reply for the issue, like what the other have raised.
What I'll propose to him today is let's get access to the repository finally, so that we can do that analysis for him and say, here's your average time to resolution. So your first time, you know, your average time for this, I mean, oh my gosh.
Look at this, 7 1/2 hours, it's a full work day. Guess what that aligns with? PST versus IST hours.
I can almost guarantee that's what's happening here.
Yeah.
But...
If that's the time to answer it, then what's the time to resolve and how does that break down in these categories too? That's going to be really valuable information because that shows for us, if we have a better system in place, that is actually going to show how effective what we build is. So this is really good that it's this bad right now, to be honest.
But.
Yeah, at least, like, if we look into the median, it's still like one hour, close to one hour, for the like bugs and errors and the test failures.
Right, and you can tell here that the median, you know, if the average and the median have that much spread, then that means that you have a great clustering of data. Sometimes it's really fast, sometimes it's really slow.
If the median's not even close to the average, just statistics will tell us the story there. You know, what's the median income in a given country? What's the average income in a given country? Well, if you've got Elon Musk that makes more, you know, money than, you know, entire countries in the world combined, yeah.
Right.
Mhm.
That's an outlier and it's going to skew the median.
Yeah.
Last but not least on this too, you know, time to resolution, that's one thing, but there's still a point here that might be not obvious, which is if you have a human in the loop system, if you do.
Mmh.
Does this change? Even if we do our part and we build the system, will that in any way affect these two things?
That's the trick because you think about it, the average response time.
If a human still has to be in the loop, there's no reason why the average time to 1st response would change. It's just the time to resolution would change.
Right.
So, that's a good argument for us to make, to say that's why, you know, making things more autonomous is a strong point here, or have a better process that, you know, there's actual responsibilities and accountability for humans.
is that the average response times aren't that bad, all things considered, depending upon the criticality and severity of the issue.
But, you know, this number will not change if we put, like, let's say today we snap our fingers and all the automations in place perfectly. It doesn't mean people are going to approve or deny things faster. It just means that they have another thing to make the downstream easier.
Volume over time is one that I'll cover at probably a different time. It's worth noting, though, that there are massive outlier weeks, and it would be nice to correlate that back to what was going on at that time.
You know, like, for instance, if there's a giant spike in things, what's going on there? Well, you know, some of these spikes, they're due to off-topic or general chat. Once we have that subdivided, Srikar, if it's possible to do this chart again with that and keep this chart as it is, but another one that has off-topic general chat after we have the
Follow-up items split up.
That would be really good to see too, because some of these, it could be as simple as like people saying like, you know, happy holidays to someone, or whenever that comes.
Right.
Sure, Colin, I'll make the changes and I'll share them, I'll share them if I'm able to do that.
So, for...
Yeah.
So the last year, these are pretty much what we already covered. Responses is receiving no requests. Things take a long time. Channel volume is tripled. So has the team tripled as well? Or is that just more people are using the chat because they're finding it useful?
Okay.
Next on infrastructure. So Namita, this is coming from exactly what you shared. So this should be familiar because this is just reformatted what you had already given.
Yes.
Let me go. Limitations are important to cover. Definitely call those out.
Mhm.
For the architecture, now this one I'll be able to show full screen. Let me see if I can show it clearly here. The small changes that I made to patch this up, number one, I got everything spread out a little bit more, so there weren't so many overlapping lines.
Number 2, I took away the summarization part for B2 block because that would violate this classification cascade right there. So summarization will happen, but it should happen after a deterministic step will happen. So that's one piece that I did change up.
Okay.
Other than that, this is pretty much exactly as you had.
So, I think this is a good thing. Of course, the big questions he's going to have here is, you know, talk through the classification cascade. For all of you, I will tell you the biggest point of engineering alignment I have with Srinivas myself is simple first, least expensive things first, in both terms compute and in terms of
Cost.
So that's why they go rejects on everything. If you start out with something that is more complex than rejects as a first line, he's going to be very dismissive. But if you show you're thinking about this, like, you know, hey, majority of things are going to get caught here and this is going to keep getting better, we'll have a feedback loop here to improve on rejects. Things that can't be handled go down to something that's a little bit more.
Powerful with ML and NLP.
Finally, for anything that is unable to be resolved by those two with language models, the idea is that over time, more things get hit on the green box with tier one, because that's the cheapest and fastest.
So for anyone that's doing an architecture diagram, talk through it and talk through it like it's a story. So don't just say, here's the architecture diagram.
and say, you know, and then jump around it. Start at the beginning, go through each box, give the detail that you think is needed, make it a linear flow, even if it's a parallel flow.
Calling this. Just one question. Can you go above a bit? So this block before remedies. So what's our idea here? Are we going to create a PR, a new PR?
Block by block notes.
Are we going to open a new PR or we are just going to give a patch? Because if we are going to open a new PR, we have to make sure whatever LLM suggested does make sense, right? Sometimes LLM might not give the best result, but still a new PR will be opened with the wrong.
Mhm.
No.
Suggestions, so we need to handle this part. So, do you, so do we ask Srinivas today about this, or we just keep it brief, the remedies part?
So I would keep it brief, and here's why. If they are already doing something like what Rui is doing and what Justin's doing, that tells me immediately they have no concept of guardrails.
Mhm.
Right, so they don't. I mean, you know, for either of them, they're saying, okay, if the language model fixed it, it's fine. We know that's not true. We know that's very dangerous. Where they are getting away with it and where we can get away with it for the moment, because it's just going to warrant a bigger discussion and we don't need to dive into that today.
is the human interview game.
So you can open a PR, but that PR doesn't get merged in unless a human approves it and reviews it.
Click.
So that is our kind of get out of jail free card. That's the same as what they've been doing to date too. So really we're just mirroring what they themselves are already doing today.
Okay, not a problem. Makes sense.
Yeah.
Yes, but the trick here is, you know, we're basically taking away every single step for the human, except for...
Except for, you know, actually approving the PR.
So the commits, the PR creation, the branching, you know, if there's work trees or anything like that, fine. You know, the build test, that's all fine too. It's the PR that nothing actually gets merged into the code base unless a human says yes.
But we can even say in this remediate box, that's not really truly a single step. That might be an iterative step, because what happens if something fails? You know, it basically goes back, tries to auto-resolve, fix it, just like Justin's code would do.
Correct.
True, yeah.
So maybe I'll add a little arrow that's like kind of shows that this is a cycle to the B4 box for immediate.
Mhm.
Then I do have this call out at the top that Apache Airflow is the wrapper around all of this.
because that is correct. I don't really get this fascination with, you know, running Python scripts that the team seems to have, but it's not the way that you scale things for sure, because there's way more going on, like even just resource management perspective. There's far better ways to do this. Apache Airflow is great and meant for exactly that.
And the best part is they already used that today anyway.
So this is what makes this scalable. Like this is a good POC if you were to do this as like an end-to-end Python script, which you certainly could, but this makes it real with Airflow.
X.
Correct.
Okay, is it okay to go on or anything anything further here?
I'm good here, that's it.
If anything comes up about the star schema database, et cetera, you'll all find this out at some point if you haven't already. Everyone's got too many opinions about databases if they haven't actually done any kind of production level database administration.
You know, Team A likes to be completely messy with MongoDB.
and everything's a JSON file to them. Team B is everything has to be a bunch of dim and fact tables. Team C is I'll create tables when I need them, and I have 300 tables for everything now.
So this, everyone has strong opinions. If he says this, just say that this was a, you know, representation of a potential solution for it. Doesn't have to be the end state, just an initial suggestion.
Ohh.
Okay.
So, so I, I've met people that'll die on that hill. Don't, don't die on that hill today. You know, if if he says that, he'll say, yep, we'll align with what architecture you want for this storage. This is just our recommendation based on our experience.
Yes.
The.
So like for him, I had that fight already with MongoDB and I said, look, if you want things to be fast at scale, and I'm talking about real scale, not 100 log files, MongoDB versus SQL, no difference. But when we're talking about, you know, multiple millions of lines, MongoDB, you're really going to start to see things slow down if you've got to unpack JSON objects every time you query.
E.
So, okay. Block by block nodes are there. These ones most likely today will be talking points for you.
So these will still be on the screen, but these will mostly be your talking points.
Okay.
Some of the pending decisions, those are good. For all of these, here's how we have to approach them. I'm not going to go through all these, but specifically, like I'd say for ML model training data.
Sounds good.
I'm going to take this away without labeled data, we need to use this. That's true. But we're going to say, does it exist already or do we need to make that for you?
So we'll phrase it that way, like it's no problem for us, because it really is no problem. I mean, just think about what Srikar you just did. I'm not saying that's fully labeled, you know, data for a machine learning model, but it's like 90% of the way there.
So this is not really that big of a deal, but we just want to say, do you have that already? If not, we'll make it, no problem.
All right.
Some things here for the architecture. I know, Saurav, this is on yours. I know you might be having some issues today with the mic and the machine. If you are and you don't think that you'll be able to, just let me know and I'll figure this out. I can talk through this or Srikar can. If you're able to, that will be best. But if not,
will be able to handle this.
All right. And then the open questions as well. That's what we'll want to handle too.
So I would say if you aren't, I would get on with Srikar in the next couple minutes so that you can kind of have some knowledge transfer with him. And so he can be a backup in case. I'll have to get on for the slide, so I won't be able to be that person, but I'll at least be able to talk through this. You know, this is
Good for me. I can do this on my fly if I need to.
But definitely on the design question, start to think about what the suggestions would be.
These are open-ended right now, but we'll have our own interpretation and suggestions.
Scope alignment, I'll cover.
And then the open item questions for discussion, we can cover as well.
So.
That's for today. I'll cut us off now just so we can get ready for the meet.
And.
But any big questions so far? I know you all need to see the slides, but at least from what I covered on the screen, is there any big questions remaining? Or if I send the slides, you know, you can always ask me questions after that too.
So this sounds good, Colin.
Okay.
Alright, everyone, we good?
Well, good luck. We'll have some good work today. Yeah. So I will see you all in about an hour. You should have the Teams, or not the Teams, the WebEx meeting invite for Vaishali and Tanuja. You are more than welcome to join. You just need to make a WebEx account. So go to webex.com.
Sign up with your BayOne email and ping me a message when you've done that. You do not need to join today. It's going to be a late meeting on a Friday, so if you want to wait for next week, that's completely fine with me. We'll share the transcript and the recording regardless. So don't feel like you got to stay up late. Namita Srikar, you're both in PST, so you know that time's fine, but I think for Vaishali and
And Tanuja, that's going to be, you know, approaching midnight on a Friday for you. So I don't think the two of you should need to worry about today's meeting.
All right. Well, I'll get the slides buttoned up and I'll send them up shortly. Okay.
Yes, thanks, Colin.
That's good.
Thank you, Colin. Yeah.
Thankfully.
All right. Thanks, everyone. Take care. Have a good weekend ahead. I'll see you soon.
Thank you, everyone. Bye.
Bye.
Yeah.